English ex 1, 2, 3 p67+ ex 10 p 195

EX 1

The photo presents young people from different origins. The title is "Has multiculturalisem failed in the uk? Not really?". It was taken from an online news paper written by a journalist in 2012 the date of the olympic games in Britain.The text is about multiculturalism.

EX 2

failure of multiculturalisme: 
1. exclusion rather than inclusioon.
2. parallele lives,
3. radicalisation.

Positive facts:
1. ethnic minority's have two cultures their own and briton's,
2. during the olympique games athlet's of all origin's wehre proud to be british.

conclusion:
Britain is a successful multicultural socyety.

EX 3

August 2012 it's the time of the olympic games in london. On that occasion  Britons notisted that they were proud of all athlets white or mixted race, first or second generation.

and those athletes were proud to carry the union jack and sing "god save the queen" So they can say that multicultural society is rather usefull.

correction:
Has multiculturalysm failed in the UK, not really?
	The journalist has first analysed a report about the failure of mixed culture in great Britain. It is not as simple as it seems. If groupes of ethio minorities remain living their own way, they can also gather and claim they are all British for events such as the Olympic games.

EX 10 p 195

a. They could enter because they had an invitation
b. , we won't be able to function without the latest device.
c. They must keep their findings secret.
d. Plastic surgeons ought to dissuade teenagers from having plastic surgery.
e. Engineers must have worked hard to develop new smart pones.

Our reasearch shows a strong inclination of first and second generation Brittons to feel and act British

Notre étude montre une forte inclinaison des premières et secondes générations pour se sentir et agir en tant que britanique

Translation from line 13 (as) to line 15(white)

As we British fans fill those Olympic seats and cheer Team GB, it matters not wether those athletes are first or second generation, mixed race, or white .

Alors que nous, fan Britaniques, remplissont ces chaises Olympic et soutenont l'équipe germanique, cela ne dépend pas du fait que ces athlètes soit de la première ou seconde génération, de différentes races, ou blanc.

Quand, nous les britaniques, nous remplissont le stade des jeux olympiques et que nous aclamons l'équipe anglaise, il nous est bien égale que les athlètes fassent partie  de la première génération, qu'ils soit métissés ou qu'ils soient blanc.